Update aws.mdx (#23527)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/aws.mdx

Vault 0.5.1 or later is recommended when using STS tokens to avoid validation
errors for exceeding the AWS limit of 32 characters on STS token names.

> It's worth noting that the character limit includes the full path to the token; for example
> `aws/sts/dev005_vault-test_testtest` exceeds the limit with 34 characters, but `aws/roles/dev005_vaulttest-test` at 31 does not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="AWS character limit includes path">

  The AWS character limit for token names **includes** the full path to
   the token. For example, `aws/sts/dev005_vault-test_testtest` (34
   characters) exceeds the limit , but `aws/roles/dev005_vaulttest-test` (31
   characters) does not.

</Note>
```

Style correction: make important information easy to see at a glance
